
log::install-app start to install archlinuxcn-keyring
log::install-app archlinuxcn-keyring installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install yaourt
log::install-app error::install-error yaourt not be installed
log::install-app start to install fcitx
log::install-app fcitx installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install fcitx-im
log::install-app error::install-error fcitx-im not be installed
log::install-app start to install fcitx-configtool
log::install-app error::install-error fcitx-configtool not be installed
log::install-app start to install fcitx-sogoupinyin
log::install-app error::install-error fcitx-sogoupinyin not be installed
log::install-app start to install git
log::install-app git installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install tree
log::install-app tree installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install vim
log::install-app vim installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install zsh
log::install-app error::install-error zsh not be installed
log::install-app start to install autojump
log::install-app error::install-error autojump not be installed
log::install-app start to install ranger
log::install-app ranger installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install megasync
log::install-app error::install-error megasync not be installed
log::install-app start to install wps-office
log::install-app error::install-error wps-office not be installed
log::install-app start to install ttf-wps-fonts
log::install-app error::install-error ttf-wps-fonts not be installed
log::install-app start to install gedit
log::install-app gedit installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install rar
log::install-app error::install-error rar not be installed
log::install-app start to install unrar
log::install-app unrar installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install cmake
log::install-app cmake installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install tlp
log::install-app tlp installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install htop
log::install-app htop installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install clang
log::install-app error::install-error clang not be installed
log::install-app start to install python-pip
log::install-app python-pip installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install python2-pip
log::install-app python2-pip installed successfully!
log::install-app start to install virtualbox
log::install-app error::install-error virtualbox not be installed
log::install-app start to install smplayer
log::install-app error::install-error smplayer not be installed
log::install-app start to install gcc-multilib
log::install-app error::install-error gcc-multilib not be installed
log::install-app start to install shutter
log::install-app error::install-error shutter not be installed
log::install-app start to install powerline-fonts
